[AZINTS-3129] Add Automated Log Forwarding Banner (#27569)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/azure-logging-guide.md

  text: "Terraform Azure Datadog Log Forwarder"
---

> <div class="alert alert-info">
> New Preview Feature: Azure Automated Log Forwarding
> Easily set up log forwarding across your Azure environment in minutes—no manual configuration required. Automate management and scaling of log forwarding services. Sign up for preview access <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeZkmqTwBQ43zR9SZoyf_oUDCFDsth00lb4jRKjfn-vKNW4dA/viewform">here</a>.
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeZkmqTwBQ43zR9SZoyf_oUDCFDsth00lb4jRKjfn-vKNW4dA/viewform" header="Automated Log Forwarding for Azure (in Preview)">}}
Automatically set up log forwarding across your Azure environment—no manual configuration required! This feature automatically manages and scales log forwarding services.{{< /callout >}}
```
I suggested this same edit in your other PR. Here's how it'd look in the docs repo (the styling is slightly different):

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b6c7738-e754-496c-b0ef-eede54b6abbe)
